CO-PUBLISHING AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into as of April 10, 2025 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Stellar Sound Publishing Inc., having offices at 1234 Harmony Avenue, Suite 300, Nashville, TN 37215 (hereinafter referred to as "PUBLISHER"), and Emma Wilson Music, LLC, having offices at 567 Melody Lane, Nashville, TN 37203 (hereinafter referred to as "CO-PUBLISHER").

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, PUBLISHER wishes to enter into an agreement with CO-PUBLISHER with respect to certain musical compositions written or co-written by Emma Wilson (hereinafter referred to as "WRITER"), as more particularly described herein; and

WHEREAS, CO-PUBLISHER is willing to enter into such an agreement with PUBLISHER on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. COMPOSITIONS. The musical compositions subject to this Agreement (hereinafter referred to, collectively, as the "Compositions" and, individually, as a "Composition") are the following musical compositions written or co-written by WRITER:

   (a) "Echoes of Tomorrow" - Music and Lyrics by Emma Wilson
   (b) "Midnight Rain" - Music and Lyrics by Emma Wilson and Jason Reynolds
   (c) "Golden Hour" - Music and Lyrics by Emma Wilson
   (d) "Autumn Memories" - Music and Lyrics by Emma Wilson and Sarah Martinez
   (e) "Whispers in the Dark" - Music and Lyrics by Emma Wilson

2. RIGHTS.

   (a) CO-PUBLISHER hereby transfers, conveys, sells, assigns and delivers to PUBLISHER, its successors and assigns, an undivided fifty percent (50%) interest in and to all of CO-PUBLISHER's right, title and interest in and to the Compositions, including but not limited to:

      (i) An undivided fifty percent (50%) interest in and to the worldwide copyright of the Compositions for the full term of such copyright and any and all extensions and renewals thereof;

      (ii) An undivided fifty percent (50%) interest in and to all rights to secure copyright registration in the Compositions in any and all countries of the world;

      (iii) An undivided fifty percent (50%) interest in and to all rights to secure renewals and extensions of such copyright registration;

      (iv) An undivided fifty percent (50%) interest in and to all rights to administer, exploit and otherwise deal with the Compositions in any and all ways and by any and all means, methods and processes, now or hereafter known; and

      (v) An undivided fifty percent (50%) interest in and to all income arising from the Compositions.

   (b) CO-PUBLISHER shall retain the remaining undivided fifty percent (50%) interest in and to all rights, titles and interests in and to the Compositions, including the worldwide copyright and the right to secure copyright registration and renewals thereof.

3. ADMINISTRATION.

   (a) PUBLISHER shall have the exclusive right throughout the world to administer and exploit the Compositions and shall use its best efforts to secure the commercial exploitation of the Compositions. PUBLISHER shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to issue licenses for the use of the Compositions, to collect all income derived from the Compositions, and to institute and compromise proceedings against third parties for infringement of the Compositions.

   (b) CO-PUBLISHER shall provide PUBLISHER with copies of all lead sheets, lyric sheets and demonstration recordings of the Compositions in its possession, and shall cooperate with PUBLISHER in connection with the administration and exploitation of the Compositions.

4. INCOME.

   (a) All gross receipts derived from the exploitation of the Compositions (hereinafter referred to as "Gross Receipts") shall be collected by PUBLISHER.

   (b) PUBLISHER shall be entitled to deduct from the Gross Receipts the following:

      (i) All reasonable direct costs and expenses incurred by PUBLISHER in connection with the exploitation and administration of the Compositions, including but not limited to copyright registration fees, costs of printing and preparing lead sheets, costs of production and distribution of demonstration recordings, collection costs, legal fees and accounting costs (hereinafter referred to as "Expenses"); and

      (ii) An administration fee equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the Gross Receipts after deduction of the Expenses (hereinafter referred to as "Net Receipts").

   (c) After deduction of the Expenses and the administration fee, PUBLISHER shall pay fifty percent (50%) of the Net Receipts to CO-PUBLISHER and shall retain the remaining fifty percent (50%) of the Net Receipts.

   (d) With respect to the Compositions, CO-PUBLISHER hereby directs and authorizes the performing rights society with which it is or may be affiliated to pay directly to PUBLISHER the publisher's share of public performance royalties throughout the world. PUBLISHER and CO-PUBLISHER shall each be entitled to receive their respective shares of the writer's share of public performance royalties directly from the applicable performing rights society.

5. ACCOUNTINGS.

   (a) PUBLISHER shall compute the amounts due to CO-PUBLISHER hereunder on a semi-annual basis as of June 30 and December 31 of each year, and shall render statements to CO-PUBLISHER on or before September 30 and March 31 for the respective preceding semi-annual periods, together with payment of all amounts shown thereby to be due to CO-PUBLISHER.

   (b) Each statement shall be binding upon CO-PUBLISHER and not subject to any objection by CO-PUBLISHER for any reason unless specific written objection, stating the basis thereof, is rendered by CO-PUBLISHER within two (2) years from the date rendered. CO-PUBLISHER shall have the right, upon reasonable written notice, to examine PUBLISHER's books and records relating to the Compositions at CO-PUBLISHER's sole cost and expense, during PUBLISHER's normal business hours and at the place where such books and records are maintained.

6. COPYRIGHT NOTICES AND CREDITS.

   (a) The copyright notice for the Compositions shall be in the name of both PUBLISHER and CO-PUBLISHER.

   (b) PUBLISHER shall use its best efforts to secure appropriate publisher credit for CO-PUBLISHER in connection with the use of the Compositions, but the failure of any third party to provide such credit shall not be deemed a breach of this Agreement by PUBLISHER.

7. WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS.

   (a) CO-PUBLISHER warrants and represents that:

      (i) It has the right and power to enter into this Agreement and to grant to PUBLISHER all of the rights herein granted;

      (ii) It is the owner of the copyright in and to the Compositions, free and clear of any and all claims, liens or encumbrances;

      (iii) The Compositions are original and do not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party;

      (iv) There are no claims, demands or litigation pending or threatened with respect to the Compositions;

      (v) It has not previously assigned, transferred or encumbered the rights herein granted to PUBLISHER; and

      (vi) It has not entered into, and will not enter into, any agreement in conflict with this Agreement.

   (b) CO-PUBLISHER shall indemnify and hold harmless PUBLISHER from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of any breach by CO-PUBLISHER of any warranty or representation made by CO-PUBLISHER herein.

8. TERM.

   (a) The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the life of copyright in the Compositions and any and all extensions and renewals thereof.

   (b) Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, all rights, titles and interests in and to the Compositions shall continue to be owned by PUBLISHER and CO-PUBLISHER as provided herein.

9. NOTICES. All notices, statements and payments to be sent to either party hereunder shall be addressed to such party at the address set forth on the first page hereof or at such other address as such party may from time to time designate in writing. All notices shall be in writing and shall be sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight courier service providing proof of delivery.

10. ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto. PUBLISHER shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder, in whole or in part, to any subsidiary, affiliate or successor in interest, or to any third party in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of PUBLISHER's assets or business. CO-PUBLISHER shall not assign its rights hereunder without the prior written consent of PUBLISHER, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

11. MISCELLANEOUS.

   (a) This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect thereto.

   (b) This Agreement may not be amended, modified or terminated except by a written instrument executed by both parties.

   (c) The validity, interpretation and effect of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee applicable to contracts entered into and performed entirely within such State.

   (d) The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

   (e) If any provision of this Agreement is held to be void, invalid or unenforceable, the same shall be deemed stricken from this Agreement and the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and binding upon the parties.

   (f) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or electronic signatures shall be deemed original signatures for all purposes.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

PUBLISHER:
STELLAR SOUND PUBLISHING INC.

By: ________________________
    Michael Johnson, President

CO-PUBLISHER:
EMMA WILSON MUSIC, LLC

By: ________________________
    Emma Wilson, Owner